# Self-Evaluation

- This final CFU encompassed everything you've learned in Mod 0, and maybe even required some learning outside of what you've explicitly been taught. How did it feel as you faced these challenges?
  - I think I was more effective with my searches when I didn't understand something, but I think that is partly due to this concept making more sense to me than arrays and for statements. Based on the pairing3 exercise, I still need a lot of help with arrays and knowing how to integrate them with other tools like functions, if statements, and for statements.
- How is your workflow going, in terms of taking breaks, staying focused, etc.?
  - My workflow is not where I want it to be, but I am also working, which I won't be doing once Mod 1 starts. I am getting a little better at recognizing when I am in unproductive struggle. When I see that, I have been walking away to clear my head. That tends to help me when I come back a few minutes later.
- What did you learn from this exercise that you want to remember as you begin Mod 1?
  - That MDN (Mozilla Developer Network) is your friend and I need to generalize prior learning to new information. I was having some trouble understanding the definition of "key-value pair." I really like how MDN explained it: "Each key-value pair is an array with two elements: the first is the property key (which is always a string), and the second element is the property value. Honestly, until I paired with Mary, I was being too literal in my code and was trying to match the examples in the lesson. It didn't even dawn on me that a value could be a string because all of the examples only showed numbers or booleans. I learned that I need to not be so concrete. It makes sense that all data types could ge a part of an object, but I was so focused on learning the structure and definitions, that I failed to generalize what I have already learned.